Plex: document extended recommendations setting (#784)
music-assistant/music-assistant.io: src/content/docs/music-providers/plex.md

- Select the library and type (Music, Audiobook, or Podcast) that you would like to use; options will be auto-selected based on your existing configuration, but you can change as needed.
- Save the settings

### Advanced Settings

> - <b>Extended recommendations.</b> Widens the set of hubs shown on the [Discover](/ui/#view---discover) view to include <b>Mixes For You</b> (the personalised mixes Plex builds from your listening history), recent library playlists and <b>On This Day</b> releases, matching the hubs Plex's own clients show. This is on by default; disable it for the narrower hub set. Changes take effect on the next recommendations refresh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- <b>Extended recommendations.</b> Enabled by default. Adds extra rows on the [Discover](/ui/#view---discover) view to include <b>Mixes For You</b> (the personalised mixes Plex builds from the listening history), recent library playlists and <b>On This Day</b> releases, matching the rows Plex's own clients show. Changes take effect on the next recommendations refresh
```
This could do with being more plain English. I have not heard of anyone calling rows "hubs" before? Also the docs are written in third person passive.
